edit instance details/actions info (#439)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-instances/instance-actions.adoc

== Instance details

From the instance card, select the more menu (*...*) then select *instance details*.

> From the instance details you can rename an instance, view instance details and we explain them in the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/preview/managing-instances/instance-details/[instance details docs.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the instance details you can rename an instance and view instance details.
See xref:managing-instances/instance-details.adoc[Instance details] for more information.
```

Reviewer: Don't use "link:" when it's an internal link.
